# Background
The Diabetes Dataset is a dataset used by researchers to employ statistical analysis or machine learning algorithms to uncover Diabetes patterns in patients. The scikit-learn Diabetes Dataset or Sklearn Diabetes dataset consists of ten baseline variables, such as age, sex, body mass index (BMI), average blood pressure, and six blood serum measurements, obtained for 442 diabetes patients. The target variable is a quantitative measure of disease progression one year after baseline. In this project, the K-Means Clustering method will be used. 

# Preprocessing
The first step is to do a data preprocessing. First, import the data. After that, check the data, if there is missing values on it. Based on the data preprocessing, there are no missing values on the data. After that, calculate the descriptive statistics for the data. Based on the data's descriptive statistics, for age, the highest is 1.107267e-01 and the lowest is -1.072256e-01. For sex, the highest is 5.068012e-02 and the lowest is -4.464164e-02. For BMI, the highest is 1.705552e-01 and the lowest is -9.027530e-02. For average blood pressure, the highest is 1.320436e-01 and the lowest is -1.123988e-01. For the six blood serum measurements, the highest is 1.987880e-01 from the second blood serum measurement, and the lowest is 18	-9.042540e-18	from the fourth blood serum measurement.

# Clustering
The next step is to do clustering with K-Means method. First, determine optimal number of clusters using silhouette analysis. The optimal number of clusters is chosen based on the highest silhoutte method. After that, perform KMeans clustering with the optimal number of clusters. Next, visualize the results using a scatter plot. Based on the clustering with K-Means method result, there are two different clusters which are formed. 

# Insights
Based on the results of the K-Means clustering analysis, the optimal number of clusters for the diabetes dataset is determined to be 2. This suggests that the data points can be effectively grouped into two distinct clusters based on their features like 's1', 's2', etc. Further analysis of the cluster characteristics could reveal potential insights into the underlying patterns and relationships between these features and the target variable. Therefore, healthcare professionals and researchers could leverage these clusters to develop targeted interventions or conduct more focused studies on specific patient subgroups within the dataset.
